in parliament a Muslim that we had to do
but we did not have any other option when you can do them when you
you are missing opportunities
It is a great destructive force
hello tutu friends b
This is a video that I really wanted to do
for those who have not seen my previous comic videos I will make them
a few brief explanations
narrates that the saga
but excluding data that can be very important
so that when you read them it is a very rewarding experience
the committee the video will be in the description and I will just rely on the
central story of the numbers released that in this case are five
this time it's time to narrate warioware together
that was a saga that I enjoyed a lot
The first thing we can appreciate is a brief account of planet together
followed by jul course to the ground standing on a destroying spacecraft
meteorites as if it were its gray founder dressed in an armor of
gladiator that just makes it look sensational
once near the earth
on the moon to be precise
juli challenge to talk bolt
where blas balls of a whisper released immense power
who buried Juli in a pile of rocks
but together weary from the rubble threatened to speak volpe that no
I wanted to hear unheard whispers
for those people who do not know about the volpe, it is considered one of the
most powerful characters of the marvel universe
condemned silent agreement forever since his voice could destroy
the world
from here onwards to win in the steering wheel position to the new city
york
declaring that it will be one of the tics or will irán plans to catch strangers handed over
in 24 hours not only destroys the city pirates of the world
today he declared war on the earth with his body beaten and bloodied
of labor as a sign of his power
this made more than one ere spot their beaches tighten
of which the spiderman stands out
to always consider abortion as the number two of the most powerful areas
immediately the city began to be evacuated by the new avengers to the
which quickly joined the dress with the guilt you
she tells her classmates that the best thing would be a 1 to 1 fight against joel
to keep you from coming to it often you become stronger
The fight does not take long to start the guilt cost goodness of the fights more
impressive against jordan destroyed all kinds of buildings and it was
broadcast across the country on television
jujuy with memories of all his lost happiness completely destroyed left the
cost of the tower of the avengers that for the city to present the last
hope of humanity against evil
other technical data
the julca fuster insular a hard specially made to fight against
July
considered by many to be the most powerful armor of iron man
good continuing for this the one among the rubble with the aforementioned had a
couple of scratches for the immediate one is paid to bring computers
of which we can highlight spiderman mister marvel seems safe
although he asked his rivals will present night threat against him
he saw that the Arabs had no intention of surrendering was in
look for those who lacked right faces strange biraktar
furious and with nothing to lose
it was after winning fantastic
it was not one of the most famous rivalries of the marvel universe came to its
finish
I mean the so famous novel of his jewels
the fight was quick and very devastating
but with the obvious nor task of our America I teve
I will continue from here
do you think it's OK
now he'll want to remember to try to apparently reject reason later
good a truck after passing the mutilated bodies of the four
fantastic and sell them sweets or transfer inside your brain by the
strange doctor
confused he takes a leap where he meets another powerful warrior
Hercules that as you remember killed the clone of Torrens Iribar
and as cherry pie was surrounded by the entire American army
loaded with adamantium bullets
inside his brain jul he was having a chat with the weird doctor
where he broke his hands to get out of his spell and be able to destroy all the
most powerful army in the world
with the defeated spirit only the body was missing
the
there is more remedy recited a forbidden spell by the same charged with
powers of mobility things it seems that humanity had a brief hope and
I say brief because Jul ended up giving him in the mother
with all the New York heroes defeated and with a device
obedience and the men who sued julca the space were about to
live to all that gelatin another lemon lived on other planets
before continuing if I already know that Professor Javier also had to see in
the expulsion of Julian space
but when julca went looking for them he faced all the x men where he
put a nose to wolverine and the x 23
julia sirio that javier digs his own grave little by little and that would be
enough for him
back where we stayed in a baseball stadium used as a coliseum
where the four heroes
richar's network
black bolt doctor weird and osman were forced to fight against a
giant beast just like jure was forced after they had to fight
among them all this not to kill them but rather to torture them
everything seemed lost until number one arrived
according to what our little spider is spoiled of all
that is to say sentri this time with all the intentions of playing to be god and
release all your power
sentri extremely confused for being the first time he leads so much power not
He could believe how good he felt and could not help but wonder if
feel jul all the time
with the power of a thousand suns in an immense tornado of fire where the
most powerful fight of all decades meets said feel and that is not
silly
when you have power people can only tell you in two ways
savior
a destroyer
but in the end it only matters what you decide
at the end of the fight against feeling and the two by gave their human form by
say it in some way
the followers of Julcan confused because before his eyes there was only one
weak and emaciated man named bruce banner
one of them in order to see his king back murdered ricky in so he would not
know it is jul's most beloved friend
a furious again
murdered the weirdo
and uncontrolled he gave strong blows to the earth that threatened to destroy it
well if it does not bother me to tell the end
for these moments tommy been had channeled all the satellites of the
earth in a powerful laser that was sent against July killa if
finally the beast takes note
once turned into sharp mehdi very weakened was put in a chamber of
winter to be transferred to a secret military base for them to swear
never again wake up
here ends my narration
by guaros I swear it is undoubtedly a very good marvel saga
with a great story that makes you think which way you really are and
without any doubt full of much action
and that in my opinion only served to remind us one thing
he is the strongest of all
good on my part is everything
I hope you liked my narration
and do not get discouraged read the comic and I assure you that you will enjoy it very much
for all my subscribers who have been asking me for the next video
will love
I leave you a little clue of what will be next and live happily
nothing
Cuba
one